[Modular] mellon doc etc (#13051)
huggingface/diffusers: docs/source/en/modular_diffusers/custom_blocks.md

- `block.py` contains the custom block implementation
- `modular_config.json` contains the metadata needed to load the block

## Quick Start with Template

The fastest way to create a custom block is to start from our template:

### 1. Download the template

```python
from diffusers import ModularPipelineBlocks

model_id = "diffusers/custom-block-template"
local_dir = model_id.split("/")[-1]

blocks = ModularPipelineBlocks.from_pretrained(
    model_id, 
    trust_remote_code=True, 
    local_dir=local_dir
)
```

This saves the template files to `custom-block-template/` locally. Feel free to use a custom `local_dir`.

> ### 2. Edit locally

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Edit locally
```

Open `block.py` and implement your custom block. The template includes commented examples showing how to define each property. See the [Florence-2 example](#example-florence-2-image-annotator) below for a complete implementation.

### 3. Test your block

```python
from diffusers import ModularPipelineBlocks

blocks = ModularPipelineBlocks.from_pretrained(local_dir, trust_remote_code=True)
pipeline = blocks.init_pipeline()
output = pipeline(...)  # your inputs here
```

### 4. Upload to the Hub

```python
pipeline.save_pretrained(local_dir, repo_id="your-username/your-block-name", push_to_hub=True)
```

## Example: Florence-2 Image Annotator

This example creates a custom block that uses [Florence-2](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/model_doc/florence2) to process an input image and generate a mask for inpainting.

### Define components

> First, define the components the block needs. Here we use `Florence2ForConditionalGeneration` and its processor. When defining components, specify the `name` (how you'll access it in code), `type_hint` (the model class), and `pretrained_model_name_or_path` (where to load weights from).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Define the components the block needs, `Florence2ForConditionalGeneration` and its processor. When defining components, specify the `name` (how you'll access it in code), `type_hint` (the model class), and `pretrained_model_name_or_path` (where to load weights from).
```

## Editing Custom Blocks

> You can edit any existing custom block by downloading it locally. This follows the same workflow as the [Quick Start with Template](#quick-start-with-template), but starting from an existing block instead of the template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Edit custom blocks by downloading it locally. This is the same workflow as the [Quick Start with Template](#quick-start-with-template), but starting from an existing block instead of the template.
```
